eight still a legend of the Soviet automobile industry
can compete
with sports cars
According to Igor Kiselev
or please tell me why
eights
five years ago bought
he still has a car
conduct fm night races
won the race
of course lost but only change
provoked here since then and won back
New Oskol why not
but this car has a huge potential yes
okay, I also have eight
car as car
try brandy
Wow
sheniyaza motors
we are practically our own father
wow same need talovka 16
valve has helped all the same 13 years already
working under the hood
lived here on 3 8 and wheat sports.ru votes
yes it is in him
not the last time
1700 on horsepower how much
inside everything he says I even gas
now not all the way to her
you can ride
get rid of boxing and gas for transferring
possible and
visiting this progress
the face of the country will seem
stepped on the barber us gas pedal
one quarter mile confluence
let go
so it's hard just to quickly and without
cyanide slip
fast time shift
video and bear in 12 seconds
at the time to fix the error will not be
Nizhny Novgorod who work like this
standard six-speed
sales box 7 5 million
It is much stronger series I do not know how much
boxes this motor noise is pear
as far as the nature of the legal field only
this is a short time
only intercooler
radiators
Zvarych correspondent has become less
why for the defect in the engine compartment in
Tuesday
so and torpedovtsy empty seats 2008
years of deals and then everything along with the body
btc note with
yes now it comes to the Lord
whereas, however, and amounted to 47 and in spirit
no thanks
Poland in the tabs of the summer you can listen